Just kidding.  There is some truth to the above statement, but I've found MIT to be very rewarding so far.  Freshman fall is graded Pass/No Record, so grades barely matter at all.  That allowed me to explore lots of clubs, engage in social activities, and still get plenty of sleep.

Most people seem to find one thing that fall in love with at MIT, then pursue it with a huge passion - it could be a UROP, solar electric vehicle team, the Tech (newspaper), a dance team, or, in my case, Technique (photography & yearbook).  People usually use Freshman year to figure this out, and time commitments to this extracurricular of choice can frequently be on-par with that of classes.

Most people's social groups tend to revolve around these activities as well, in addition to dorm culture.  Dorm groups (floors, halls, entries) tend to be very close-knit, often cooking together.  In addition, all dorms contain all 4 years, so it's easy to go to an upperclassman in your dorm group for help with classes, advice, or just to hang out.

In comparison to some other top schools, based on the anecdotes of friends as well as observations during visits (and noting an obvious bias):

vs Harvard: MIT students tend to be much more close-knit.  MIT students get to choose their dorms, while Harvard students are placed more or less randomly, with special dorms set aside for Freshman.  That prevents any dorm culture from developing at Harvard.  Additionally, to paraphrase a friend "Every social interaction at Harvard is tainted by the fact that you're at Harvard.  Everyone is always looking for who has the connections, who has the talents, what they can gain by your acquaintance.  Networking is almost if not more important than talent, and who you know carries as much clout as what you know."  At MIT, you're far more likely to talk about what classes you've got and how hosed you are.

vs Yale: Much the same to a lesser degree, with the addition that Boston >> New Haven.  Boston's really a great city to be around - it's pretty, it's safe (as cities go), it's not crowded, and it has everything you could want - Chinatown, Boston Commons, etc.  Furthermore, Yale has very few science/engineering majors, and of those that are, the majority are premed.  Some prefer this, some don't - I fall into the latter category.  It brings me great joy when someone gives an overly technical explanation for conciseness, and I think to myself "only at MIT".  For example, the statement at the bottom of this answer...

vs Princeton: Again, the same to a lesser degree.  Boston >> Princeton.

vs Stanford: MIT students tend to be less competitive - not less qualified, but MIT has less of a cutthroat atmosphere.  MIT students very frequently work on psets together, and you learn as much from your peers as you do from your teachers, books, and recitations.  MIT also lacks humanities majors - many have a passion for some form of art or humanities, but it's almost always a secondary interest, after science or engineering.  Stanford seems to offer a more standard college atmosphere, with the full gamut of interests and studies, while MIT is distinctly science and engineering-focused.  Stanford does have warmer weather though (note that I didn't say better weather - I love seeing MIT in the snow and I have quite good cold tolerance).

vs Caltech: MIT students are more fun-loving.  They also tend to be more focused on applications vs ideas.  Caltech undoubtedly has a harder, more theoretical set of mandatory classes, and it seems like more people are likely to major in physics or math, while at MIT, CS is the most popular major.  Students tend to be more focused on classes at Caltech, whereas at MIT, extracurriculars play a much larger role.

Also, dining hall food is best at MIT vs any of them - I've tried the dining hall food of all of the East Coast schools personally, and I state this without bias and with 100% agreement from all friends that have tried all subsets of the set {MIT, Harvard, Yale, Princeton} that include MIT.